It's been a long time since we show games
paint was quite praises the show
Green River space need is because
also played in the bridge comes to me in
pizzeria there he even opened the game
cup this phase
this phase is impossible to detect type c
has in the 43 bird pass fábio I
according to the calculations o with a
little war bird to shoot down old
with the service you can be sure that the
valencia but let's see then it's billboard
space
this is the angry birds fish the team could
take with the left hand the right but
disrupts recording
Good, everything is a little game to be.
first world all second world but
I'll show you more or less how.
the program runs here random phase
beauty then nothing are you on the planet
You have to play on another planet.
It means our planet, it has a
orbit bid're seeing is here
an atmosphere then for example if I
play up
he will make the orbit look stayed
interesting sometimes can even give the
back on the planet
This bug here opa
Look at you, he saw that he only defeated.
It seems that I demonstrated it is only this
pet is the one that you throw him
then click where it has to be
Look, I'm good, said the young James.
I wanted to kill with just a little more, right?
I will not risk the country a naja
good quality
the difference of this game is that
You already are on the other planet, I want
show what you 're dead different
is in the same orbit also left
find another that I do not know 27
in a note the same orbit in test tube maybe
the album that takes from the malicious to him party
that takes a look
you're on the planet has another here has
another here then the direction of affection
will totally vary the transport
then the other and made the curve and even
that's how I did well
that same boring
yet we see and find in
corner
It is very bad to stay there already, the grandmother who lives
with the woman listened deconcentrated
Imagine if you were concentrating on doing
only this is good
something very interesting that in the
It's true the tea that likes to play
The way it 's talked like this, ah, no.
I'll be able to hit this guy that you
does
calls for the hawk said the champion
appeared here so you do so does
he arrives but the guy is not there
clicks suddenly a monster appears and
destroys everything plays so that's how the
airplane is true right?
so this is the angry birds space is fine
cool in my opinion the coolest
board and have because there are
Different things to do - Hawk
o o node olympic games evolved to play
game www.playtv.com.br and
now you already know, right click here
side you sign up to go down to
he knows about everyone when
we put the matter that not everything is
you do not sign up, it will end up
No, signing up will end the world before
to launch the playstation 4
love is inscribed as these only life
Dude, same as many times.